
<h2 class="sectionedit1" id="county_of_santa_clara_technology_dictionary">County of Santa Clara Technology Dictionary</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>

<h4 id="welcome">Welcome</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Welcome to the County Technology Dictionary! This resource is designed to help government employees, policymakers, and the public understand key technology terms and their relevance to county operations.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="getting_started">Getting Started</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Browse terms by <a href="/doku.php?id=sidebar:categories" class="wikilink1" title="sidebar:categories" data-wiki-id="sidebar:categories">categories</a> or <a href="/doku.php?id=glossary" class="wikilink1" title="glossary" data-wiki-id="glossary">glossary</a>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Use the <strong>search bar</strong> (top right) to find specific terms</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Click on a term to see its definition, usage in the county</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Sitemap?</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4 id="faq">FAQ</h4>
<div class="level4">

</div>

<h5 id="who_can_access_this_dictionary">1. Who can access this dictionary?</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
The dictionary is accessible to county employees and the public. However, some pages may be restricted based on permissions set by the admin.
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="how_can_i_request_a_new_term_or_an_update_to_an_existing_term">2. How can I request a new term or an update to an existing term?</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
Fill out the <strong><a href="/doku.php?id=help:term_request_form" class="wikilink2" title="help:term_request_form" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="help:term_request_form">Technology Dictionary Term Request Form</a></strong>, and it will be sent to the <strong>IT Governance Team</strong> for review.
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="can_pages_be_translated_into_other_languages">3. Can pages be translated into other languages?</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
Yes, DokuWiki supports multilingual content. If a page has a translation available, a language switcher will be provided.
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="how_is_spam_prevented">4. How is spam prevented?</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
To prevent spam, CAPTCHA is implemented for public users when submitting forms or creating accounts.
</p>

</div>
